##Intro

You don't get a second chance to create a first impression. 
As a facilitator during the intro you set the tone of the rest of the event.

As a facilitator, you welcome people, you do the intro and introduce the name of the techniques, and more explanation if no one knows it. 
The goal of a CoachRetreat is NOT to teach a technique. Solving the sellected issue is NEITHER a goal of the Coach Retreat.

We want people, both experienced people andnewbies, practice coaching techniques and discovery how poweful they can be.

Some people might feel uncomfortable with just a brief intro of a technique, they will push to have a longer intro. Don’t do it. There are a few problems with trying.

+ You probably don’t have the right training to explain the technique. (So what you say might make it worse)
+ We don’t have the time in a CoachRetreat
+ And most important, no matter how much time you take, it will never be enough. 

You are much better to propose to them to observe others and see how it works. And when they feel comfortable to try themselves. 

Again the goal of a CoachRetreat is not to make them (or yourself) fully experts. It’s to experiment with techniques in a safe environment. 

	
If you are new to facilitating such events, it is a good practice to rehearse your opening, in particular if this is your first time. It is an even better practice to rehearse in front of someone you know to give you feedback.

Here are some points to consider for a successful opening:

+ Briefly explain what a CoachRetreat is. The "What is CoachRetreat section in this book is a good source. There is a slide in the deck for that too.
+ Invite people to get acquainted. There are many ways to achieve that, and it's time well spent. It can be as simple as ask participants to pair with someone they don’t know and introduce to one another.
+ Introduce yoursef/yourselves briefly.
+ Make note that what's said in the room, stays in the room. Some emotional and sometimes personal experiences are shared, and it is each person’s responsibility to protect such experiences.
